10000 elements:
ActiveMQ sorting took 453 ms
Sequential sorting took 6 ms
sequential was 447 ms faster

25000 elements:
ActiveMQ sorting took 814 ms
Sequential sorting took 8 ms
sequential was 806 ms faster

50000 elements:
ActiveMQ sorting took 696 ms
Sequential sorting took 16 ms
sequential was 680 ms faster

100000 elements:
ActiveMQ sorting took 1524 ms
Sequential sorting took 35 ms
sequential was 1489 ms faster

250000 elements:
ActiveMQ sorting took 4319 ms
Sequential sorting took 77 ms
sequential was 4242 ms faster

500000 elements:
ActiveMQ sorting took 6432 ms
Sequential sorting took 176 ms
sequential was 6256 ms faster

1000000 elements:
ActiveMQ sorting took 11655 ms
Sequential sorting took 432 ms
sequential was 11223 ms faster

2500000 elements:
ActiveMQ sorting took 29309 ms
Sequential sorting took 1291 ms
sequential was 28018 ms faster

5000000 elements:
ActiveMQ sorting took 54641 ms
Sequential sorting took 2365 ms
sequential was 52276 ms faster

7000000 elements:
ActiveMQ sorting took 71014 ms
Sequential sorting took 4258 ms
sequential was 66756 ms faster